Correct link to generated website repo (#52)
jellyfin/jellyfin-blog: README.md

Jellyfin website content is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nd/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-NoDerivatives 4.0 International License</a>.

> The deployed version of this site can be seen at https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin.github.io and at https://jellyfin.org.

Reviewer: I think the original intention was to link to https://jellyfin.github.io (which redirects to jellyfin.org). It might be better to rephrase it as something like "The sources will be pushed to the jellyfin.github.io repository and deployed to jellyfin.org" or something like that

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The sources will be pushed to the [jellyfin.github.io](https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin.github.io) repository and deployed to [jellyfin.org](https://jellyfin.org).
```

Nice and tidy.
